TREASURE HUNT: There are 16 users awan, bduomo, cdry... Somewhere in their home directory, each of these users has a “secret” file named username-secret.x (where x is a file extension) whose contents are intended to be private (readable only by the user and no one else). However, each of their secret files can actually be read by other users who are both determined and clever. Your goal is to collect the contents of as many of the sixteen secret files as you can.  This is about Linux permissions, path attack, injection, symbolic link attack, password cracking, finding information in files we can read, and making use of files or directories with Set User ID (or Set Group ID). The 16 users: 1.awan: used cracked password to access secret. (Cracking with big list takes too long! use specialized list for awan.) 2. bduomo: used password sent in RMAIL to access secret. 3. cdry: use path attack to replace cp (by a cat of cdry's secret. 4. dshi: use code injection on her ./bin/backup program (to cat or copy contents of file.) 5. equintus: publicly readable secret in supposed private file  6. fsexon: get via crackable password 7. ghepta: use ghepta's bin/cp to make student-readable version of ghepta's private file. 8. hochoa: modify .htaccess by commenting out 3 lines (from <Limit> to </Limit>) to read private secret file on web page. 9. inunez: used http password in stuff.html web page source to get secret  10. jdekka: used password found in public .bash_history  11. kelva: use symbolic link attack to steal secret file when calling kelva swap program. 12. ldouzette: use web browser to view ~ldouzette/private 13. pkaideka: password string visible in guess_my_password executable 14. pradessime: get into acct with cracked password, then crack encrypted file using .bash_history~ info. 15. qsanera: can save .pdf to accessible text and see message. Or can just copy paste from .pdf to a text file. 16. tdaforth: unzip docx. Then look in word/document.xml for "This is my real secret".